h1. MapKeeper

h2. Contact Information

* Mailing list: <a href="mailto:mapkeeper-users@googlegroups.com">mapkeeper-users@googlegroups.com</a>
* Google group: "http://groups.google.com/group/mapkeeper-users":http://groups.google.com/group/mapkeeper-users

h2. Introduction

MapKeeper is a Thrift-based key-value store that supports various storage engines. Currently MapKeeper supports the following storage engines:

* "MySQL":http://www.mysql.com/
* "MySQL with HandlerSocket":http://yoshinorimatsunobu.blogspot.com/2010/10/using-mysql-as-nosql-story-for.html
* "Berkeley DB":http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/database/berkeleydb/overview/index-085366.html
* "Berkeley DB Java Edition":http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/database/berkeleydb/overview/index-093405.html
* "LevelDB":http://code.google.com/p/leveldb/

You can run "YCSB":https://github.com/brianfrankcooper/YCSB/wiki against MapKeeper to benchmark different storage engines. See "this page":https://github.com/m1ch1/mapkeeper/tree/master/ycsb for more details on how to run YCSB against MapKeeper. 

h2. Links
* "MapKeeper Homepage":https://github.com/m1ch1/mapkeeper/wiki
* "Getting Started":https://github.com/m1ch1/mapkeeper/wiki/Getting-Started

h2. Build Info

In order to configure the build, edit Makefile.config to point to the location of your copy of thrift.  If you ran thrift's "make install", the default (/usr/local) will likely work for you.  Otherwise, point it at the top directory of the tarball after doing a "./configure ; make" in the thrift directory. 

Mapkeeper uses several 3rd party open source libraries and tools.

The remainder of this file summarizes the tools used, their purpose, and the licenses under which they're released.

MapKeeper requires the Thrift C++ and Java bindings, and the C++ Boost framework:

Thrift is a serialization and RPC framework:
http://thrift.apache.org/
Apache 2.0 license: http://svn.apache.org/viewvc/thrift/trunk/LICENSE?view=markup

Boost is a collection of utility libraries for C++:
http://www.boost.org/
Boost Software License: http://www.boost.org/users/license.html
